hello everyone my name is J what I'm J
this is Alex Alex is an exile it's
examiner and a super genius at
everything IELTS it's true should we
tell them about task of the week yeah
why not
okay so Jay and I have been working on a
new series called IELTS task of the week
every week we'll post a brand new lesson
that will help you to understand all of
the IELTS task general or academic so
you'll have to hit that subscribe button
so you'll know as soon as we've posted
exciting I think we should also mention
something about how good health live
classes are because I reckon they're
awesome
true if you're worried about your IELTS
just go to e to language comm eg
language is where everything happens you
can register for the live classes
including free ones you can take
tutorials get rising and speaking
feedback and also access top quality
questions and methods that you can't
find anywhere else
cool bananas I couldn't agree more
thanks guys remember to click Subscribe
and sign up for free at etude language
calm
you